PRESIDENT REAGAN:
Air and naval forces
of the United States
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities...
REPORTER:
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
REAGAN:
He has sanctioned
acts of terror
in Africa, Europe,
the Middle East.
PRESIDENT GEORGE H.W. BUSH:
This will not stand, this
aggression against, uh, Kuwait.
REAGAN:
This relentless pursuit
of terror.
PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH:
We will make no distinction...
REPORTER:
The USS Cole was attacked
while refueling in
the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next samba
we're going to swing for you
is one of the good old
favorites.
...until something stops him.
CARRIE: I'm just making sure
we don't get hit again.
MAN: That plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
Thousands of people running.
We must and we will remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
(speaking Arabic)
SAUL:
What the fuck are you doing?
God!
CARRIE: Fuck! I missed
something once before.
I won't...
I can't let that happen again.
SAUL:
It was ten years ago.
Everyone missed something
that day.
CARRIE:
Everyone's not me.
Previously on Homeland...
Fatima, tell me what
you know about Abu Nazir.
He's meeting
my husband tomorrow.
Here in Beirut.
You can kill them both.
SAUL: I didn't want her here
in the first place.
She's not well.
I don't know if
this woman's for real
or if Carrie wants her
to be for real.
The way I am now,
I wouldn't trust me either.
But the Carrie
who recruited her,
that one I believe.
(speaking Arabic)
BRODY:
Hi, Roya.
Congressman Brody.
I'm a friend
of Nazir's.
I will not help you in the
killing of innocent civilians.
I met a young man yesterday.
Lost both his arms in Iraq.
They have a
fund-raiser coming up,
and I thought that we
could host it together.
Red Team Two, fire discipline
is two shots each.
Targets are two in robes.
ESTES:
Holy shit, it's him.
Fire.
Somebody warned him.
BRODY:
I'm a congressman.
I cannot be texting
secret messages
while I am surrounded by
the fucking Joint Chiefs.
Is anyone
in the apartment?
No.
Give me your keys.
SAUL: Carrie.
We just missed Abu Nazir.
Get in the car.
Back in the car!
We can't leave here without
getting what's in there.
(gunshot)
Carrie.
(Carrie screams)
I got you.
My name is Nicholas Brody.
By the time you watch this,
you'll have read
a lot of things about me.
(speaking Arabic)
This way. Now.
That briefcase is clearly
marked as a diplomatic bag.
Do not open it.
Key please.
Saul Berenson.
Jewish, yes?
American.
A Lebanese security official
must know better
than to do that
unless he's actually
working for someone else.
Like, say, Hezbollah.
If you don't put that back
and allow me
to continue to my flight,
you'll be the
cause of a serious
diplomatic incident
with the United States.
So, please,
take a moment.
Think carefully.
(locks briefcase)
Never come back to Lebanon.
WOMAN:
Sir, I need you
to put the briefcase
in the overhead bin
for takeoff, please.
I'll do it.
Just give me a second.
(crickets chirping)
(jazz music playing)
(snaps fingers)
Jesus, Dad, what?
What the hell
are you doing?
Do you even know
what time it is?
I'm writing a report.
At 3:20 a.m.?
What? Have you been up
all night doing this?
You need to put this
away, and go to sleep.
I can't. Not yet.
I have to get this done,
and it has to be done right.
For crying out loud.
Carrie, you have a disease.
Dad, please, not now.
And in case you've
forgotten what I know,
your doctor has told you
a million times: sleep
is one of the most,
if not the most important...
I know.
I know. I'm nearly finished.
I promise.
How much longer?
(sighs)
Two hours, max.
One. One more hour.
Fine.
You can't
do this to yourself anymore,
sweetheart.
You just can't.
I'm okay.
In fact, I feel pretty great.
Wired is what you are.
There's a difference.
Point taken.
One more hour.
One more.
Sorry. It was just, it was here
on the table and, uh...
And just jumped
out at you?
Well, I know how much
you hate talking
about this stuff in public.
Um, I was just curious
what you were planning
to say tonight.
What do you think?
"By my third year in captivity,
"I knew that this was
where I was gonna die,
"that I had to accept that,
"make peace with it,
so that's what I did.
I prepared to die."
"But I didn't die.
"Somehow I got to come home
to a wife and two kids
"I'd talked myself into
believing would be just fine,
"no, better off,
"without me.
I mean how could they
really know me anymore?"
Too much?
Well, it's just...
it's the first time
I've ever heard it.
I, um...
I never knew this is
how you felt.
Yeah.
You're right. I don't
really like talking about it.
Brody.
What?
Look...
I didn't mean...
It's okay, Jess.
It's all right.
No, no, no, it's not.
Hey...
I know you're doing
this event for me.
I want you to know
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Hey, Jess, wait, wait.
Wait.
Seriously?
You want me to stop?
No.
Follow me.
Hey.
Brody...
Slow down, slow down.
Look at me.
Go slow.
Yeah.
Like that.
(door opens)
Hey, aren't you
home early today?
Teacher's conference day.
What's your excuse?
Hey.
JESSICA:
Xander.
Day off at your school, too?
Coincidence, huh?
Or maybe not.
I already graduated
last year. It's all good.
DANA:
So, uh...
slow day in
Congress, Dad?
Or...
Don't you have
homework to do?
I already did it.
(phone buzzes)
(clears throat)
It's work trying
to get a hold of me.
DANA:
Is that the cup
that Chris made for Dad?
Shit.
I got your text.
We have a problem
and no time,
so please just listen.
The CIA are in the middle
of processing intelligence
from their operation in Beirut.
They're very close
to finding out
about our friend
in Gettysburg.
The Tailor?
You need to go there now
and move him to a safe house,
60 miles further west.
Well, why don't you just call
him and tell him to move?
Because I might unnerve him
unnecessarily.
He needs to be looked
in the eye and reassured
that he's in safe hands.
Why me? Why not you?
Because he doesn't know me.
He knows you.
You're the only one he knows.
How can you be sure the CIA
hasn't already sent
somebody out there?
Because I'm sure.
They found an e-mail
that mentions
a contact in Gettysburg.
They're only just now
putting together a list
of suspects in the area.
Is there a problem, Nicholas?
Yeah, I'd say there's
a fucking problem.
I am giving a speech at a dinner
for wounded veterans tonight,
in D.C. which
the vice president is attending.
If you go there now,
you'll make it back easily.
You move him
as fast as possible.
I don't believe this.
Must I remind you,
he's the one man
who knows the truth about you?
(sighs)
Take the Tailor to 124 Mount
Chapel Road, Somerset.
The key's in the
bird feeder on the tree
to the right of the garage,
around back.
Repeat the address back to me.
124 Mount Chapel Road, Somerset.
(doorbell rings)
Can I help you?
Hello, Mr. Mathison.
Is Carrie here?
CARRIE:
Oh, I got it.
Hey, Danny.
FRANK:
CIA never heard of e-mail?
Uh, you
making eggs, Dad?
It's lunchtime.
A sandwich then.
Sure.
CARRIE:
Hey, Danny. Sorry about that.
DANNY:
How you doing, Carrie?
I'm good.
Is that it?
Yep.
All 18 pages.
I'll get this
to everybody right away.
What time is
the debrief with the group?
Uh, scheduled for 6:00.
So late?
Estes is at an emergency
threat level briefing all day.
What's going on?
Um, nothing specific.
Yet. But the top brass
huddle every single day now.
Hey, can I say...
what you just did
in the field--
was pretty damn impressive.
Thanks, Danny.
I appreciate that.
I'll text you later to
confirm the 6:00 p.m. debrief.
Thanks.
I look forward to it.
Pickle on your sandwich?
(birds chirping)
(cash register chatters)
(door bell jingles)
Assalamo Allaikum.
Wa 'alaikum-as-salam.
You.
I need you to pack a bag.
Fast.
Bag? What for?
The CIA know about you.
I gotta get you
out of here.
How do you know this?
I'll explain in the car.
Hurry.
No, tell me now.
The CIA had an operation
in Beirut to kill Abu Nazir.
He escaped,
but they found intelligence
that may lead to you.
Where are you taking me?
To a safe house.
How do you know it's safe?
Hey, all I know is
you're not safe here anymore.
Who sent you?
Look, I'm here to help you.
Get a bag, let's go.
Fuck.
Forget the bag. Go.
Go!
Okay, walk.
Get in the car.
Don't make me say it twice.
(tires screech)
CARRIE:
Bob kisses his wife
and children good-bye.
ESL STUDENTS:
Bob kisses his wife
and children good-bye.
Uh, Bob drives to work
in a red car.
STUDENTS:
Bob drives to work
in a red car.
Are you okay,
Miss Carrie?
I'm s...
What, Lulu?
What's wrong?
No text from boyfriend, eh?
(students laugh)
GALVEZ (on phone):
Hi, this is Danny Galvez.
Please leave a message.
(beep)
Danny, it's Carrie.
Uh, it's nearly 5:00,
and I never heard back
about the debrief, so...
I'm heading out now.
Uh... call if
anything's changed.
Thanks.
What happens when we get there?
I drop you off. You wait.
They said that?
I'm guessing.
So you don't know?
It's an educated guess.
I wait for what?
Well, I imagine they want to
get you out of the country
as fast as possible.
You imagine. You guess.
Take a breath.
If it wasn't for me,
you'd probably be
on your way to Guantanamo
by now.
You think if they caught me
that I would talk?
They're not gonna catch you now.
You know what else
they didn't tell me?
Your name.
Suit yourself.
We'll be there
in 30 or 40 minutes,
and you'll be
somebody else's problem.
Bassel.
My name is Bassel.
(wheel rattling,
tires screeching)
(cursing in Arabic)
Fuck.
Oh, you gotta be shitting me.
There's no fucking jack.
CYNTHIA:
So once the table staff's done,
we can do a final
light and sound check,
and did you bring Nick's speech,
for the teleprompter team?
Oh, I didn't even
think of that.
Um, he has it with him.
Oh... well, where is he?
Can we send someone to get it?
Yeah, I'll call him.
Uh, he's at his office.
Jessica...
you look so nervous.
Relax.
Listen to me.
You're a beautiful woman,
Nick is so charismatic.
You're a great American story
that's just beginning.
Did you loosen the wheel?
This one won't move.
Here, give me
that thing.
(grunts)
All right.
I need you to get in the car.
Start driving it forward--
real slow, okay?--
until the wood straightens, and
it takes the weight of the car,
like a jack.
Okay?
Go.
It only needs
a little gas.
Just ease the car forward.
I'll tell you
when to stop.
(engine starting)
All right.
(revs engine)
No! Whoa!
Take it easy!
Easy!
Okay, that's good.
(cell phone rings)
Hey.
JESSICA:
Where are you?
I called your office.
They said you never went there.
Right, right.
I, uh... I was on my way
out to the office,
I got a call from
the Whip's office...
(Brody continues indistinctly)
Your district? To do what?
Oh, to, uh, to reassure
some union folk
we haven't forgotten about them.
(continues indistinctly)
Jess, I said I'll be back
on time, and I will.
Okay?
You've got to see
this room, Brody.
It's amazing. They've done
such a beautiful job...
Right. That's great.
I can't wait.
...just get back
to this meeting now.
Oh, I almost forgot.
The teleprompter guy
needs a copy of your speech.
I don't need a teleprompter.
I got it all in my head.
Yeah. Yeah,
I'm sure. I'm sure.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Trust me.
It's not as though I haven't
done anything like this before.
Well, drive safe.
Um, I will see you
in an hour and a half.
Copy that.
I was coming to get that.
To finish changing the wheel.
It's okay,
I'll get the wheel.
You get the spare.
(jazz music plays on radio)
Hi, Lorraine.
Hello, Carrie.
You are early.
We weren't expecting you
until 6:00.
Thank, Carl.
Where's David?
In a meeting.
He'll be back soon.
(sighs)
I'm going to the bathroom.
I'll be right back.
ESTES:
...and Abu Nazir's network,
which indicates that right now,
Iran has mustered all hands
on deck to strike us
on our own....
CARRIE:
I'm sorry.
Am I late?
I was told 6:00 p.m.
Which would, in fact,
mean I'm 15 minutes early.
Carrie, you can't
be in here.
What's going on, David?
You're doing the debrief
without me?
Please.
Always debrief with the person
who was in the field, David.
It's in the goddamn manual.
In this case,
because it's you,
I decided to go ahead with the
debrief using just the report.
Because it's me?
Meaning what, exactly?
Meaning the detail
of your report.
As usual, quite frankly,
it's, uh, it's excellent.
What...?
Why didn't anyone call me?
I told Danny
to hold off on that,
because I wanted
to see you anyway.
Here I am.
Privately.
To tell you what an amazing job
you did for us in Beirut.
You mean like a...
a pat on the back?
Thanks to you,
we got this close
to Abu Nazir,
and took out two of his top
lieutenants in the process.
He's still out there, David.
We let him get away.
We need to be doing
everything possible...
That's not...
your concern anymore.
Well...
what about all that stuff
I pulled out of
the Beirut apartment?
Can you at least tell me
if there was any actionable
intelligence in that?
Between you and me?
Yes, there was.
That's it?
Carrie, you didn't
come here today
expecting to get
reinstated, right?
What? No.
No, of course not.
I don't know what to tell you...
You don't have to
say anything, David.
Come on, let me walk you...
No, you have work to do.
I'll see myself out.
(elevator bell dings)
No.
You stay in the car,
out of sight.
I need to go to the bathroom.
We're five minutes
from the safe house.
Put a knot in it.
I need more tobacco.
(rock music playing)
Hey.
Can I get a, uh,
pack of that tobacco,
some papers,
and the rest on gas, please.
Motherfucker.
Bassel!
What did those assholes
do to you now?
I don't want to talk
about it, Dad.
Not tonight. Please?
Where are you going?
I'll be back for
the rest tomorrow.
Um... I'm going home, Dad.
All I know is
I need to figure out what to do
with the rest of my life now,
and I can't do that here
with you all
just hovering over me.
A good night's sleep
is what you need.
In my own bed.
Bassel!
There's nothing to be afraid of.
(rustling)
Come on, buddy,
there's nothing to be afraid of.
Come out.
Bassel?
(phone ringing)
(grunts) Ah! God! God!
(ringing continues)
(Bassel groans)
What are you doing?!
I'm trying to fucking
help you!
(Bassel groaning)
Shit!
(Brody grunts)
(squishing sound,
Bassel groans)
(Bassel groans)
(Brody grunts)
(Brody panting)
All right, got to stop
the bleeding.
You got a handkerchief?
Can you hear me?
Hold it there.
Hold on.
All right, all right.
Please...
take me to hospital.
No, I take you
to the hospital,
I might as well
just hand you over to the CIA.
I don't want
to die.
You're not gonna die,
so kill that thought
right fucking now!
I have a family...
Syria.
Wife... daughter.
That's good.
That's good,
that's good.
Keep thinking
about your daughter.
She'll give you
the strength you need.
Please... hospital.
(grunts) I'm taking
you to a safe house,
and we're gonna call
for help from there.
(panting)
You can leave me
outside the hospital.
I won't say
anything to anyone.
No. You know
I can't do that.
(phone ringing)
(continues panting)
(groans, pants)
(phone continues ringing)
(panting)
(ringing continues)
(stops panting)
Hey, Jess.
Where are you?
I've been trying to call you.
You're late.
JESSICA: The vice president
is due to arrive any second now.
(panting):
I had a flat, Jess.
A flat?!
Where?
Middle of nowhere.
I don't know, miles
from anywhere. I don't know.
What?!
(Bassel groans)
Christ, Brody!
Hey, and guess what?
There's no jack in the car.
Well, did you call a tow truck?
Yeah, I called a tow truck.
Where'd you tell 'em to go
if you don't know where you are?
What?
Oh, I'm near... I'm
near, uh, Culpepper.
Route 29.
That's miles away.
You're never gonna
make it back in time.
What about your speech?
(inhales sharply)
I don't know.
This isn't happening.
It can't be.
BASSEL (weakly):
Help...
(Brody gasps)
What was that?
(grunting)
(grunting over phone)
Brody?
Brody, are you there?
Shh! Shh!
(muffled grunting)
Yeah, I'm here, I'm here.
What was that?
What was what?
You sound like
you're out of breath.
I know.
(both grunting)
Brody?
You're breaking up.
(muffled grunting)
(neck snaps)
Brody?
Brody, are you there?
You know, I-I think I
should try the tow truck again.
You promised you would be here.
I know. I'll see you later.
(panting)
(Brody panting)
(drops keys on table)
(sighs)
(hard rain falling)
(exhales)
(sighs)
(rain continues falling)
(exhales)
(glass clinks)
(panting)
(rain continues falling)
(panting quietly)
(slow breathing)
(slow, steady breathing)
(slow, steady breathing
continues)
(gasps)
(retching)
(retching, coughing)
(gasping breaths)
(panting)
(thunder rumbles)
(continues panting)
(grunts)
(elegant classical music
playing)
(low chatter)
(music stops)
(quiet applause)
What's the plan?
Who am I supposed to go
up there and introduce now?
Don't worry, sir.
This is my mess.
(clears throat)
Hello.
Um, my name is Jessica Brody.
My husband, Nick Brody,
who, most of you know,
was rescued and returned to us
after eight years
as a prisoner of the terrorists,
had prepared a speech
about the challenges
of coming home,
but I'm afraid
he's had car trouble
and isn't going
to make it here tonight.
Fucking Brody.
JESSICA:
Um, so I'm afraid
this means you're stuck with me.
Car trouble.
Pretty sure, when he was
a prisoner in Iraq,
he never thought
he'd have to deal
with something so humdrum
as a flat tire again.
(light laughter)
You know, fund-raisers
and political speeches
are great and everything,
but I can't help thinking
one of the best ways
to help our wounded warriors
starts with the family.
Because one thing I do know--
I'd have been able
to support my husband better
if I'd been more ready.
After eight years
of loneliness...
...eight years
of not seeing each other...
...if someone had warned me
how he'd look at me...
...as if he didn't know me
anymore...
...how violent
his nightmares would be
that he would attack me
in his sleep,
um, how he didn't know
what to say to the kids
those first few weeks,
how hard intimacy of any kind
would be for him...
If someone had actually
warned me in plain English
how hard coming home
would be for him,
that I'd need to adjust
my expectations...
What I'm saying is,
what if,
with some of this money,
we could set up a place
where families could get ready
for their veterans coming home?
An actual place where they
can learn from other families
who have been through...
who are still going through it.
Because, in the end,
we're all fighting
this war together.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
(grunting)
You hardly said a
word the whole way.
Want to talk about it?
You coming in for a nightcap?
Better not. It's late.
I got an early
start tomorrow.
You've always
been there for me, Mike.
You were amazing tonight.
Good night.
Hey.
Maybe it was just
car trouble.
Maybe.
I'm just saying,
you might want to
cut him some slack.
Cut him some slack?
Hey, innocent until
proven guilty, Jess.
Are you aware
that there was a weekend
not long ago--
a whole weekend--
where Brody just didn't
come home at all?
You want to know why?
He was with that CIA woman.
The crazy one.
You know,
let me be crystal clear.
He was fucking the bitch
for a whole weekend.
And you want to know why
I'm having a problem
believing this whole
car trouble story?
Wait, back it up.
He fucked who?
I don't remember her name--
Carrie something.
I don't know anymore.
I thought you weren't coming in.
Maybe just for one drink.
(clears throat)
(car door opens and closes)
She kicked ass tonight, Brody.
I mean, she was
fucking awesome.
I don't doubt it.
She's quite the hostess.
No.
I mean she got up there and she
gave a speech of her own.
You did?
I'll say good night, then.
(car door opens and closes)
(engine starts)
Jesus.
Where the hell
have you been?
You're soaking wet.
It was raining.
And there was no jack
in the car.
Have you ever tried to change
a tire without a jack?
Was there really a union meeting
in your district today?
Yes.
Where?
What town?
Don't answer that.
I don't want to hear
another lie.
I'm not lying.
Oh, they just roll
off your tongue, don't they?
One after the other.
I really thought we turned
a corner this morning.
You're hiding something.
I can see it in your eyes.
Now, either you tell me
what is going on...
There's nothing going...
or I suggest
you start looking
for a hotel room.
And while you're at it,
you give this marriage
some serious thought,
because I don't think
I can do this anymore.
(door closes)
(doorbell rings)
(doorbell rings twice)
(knocking on door)
(knocking)
(doorbell rings)
Finally.
You're not in Beirut?
Came straight here
from the airport.
I hear you were turned away
from the debrief
at Langley today.
I was the one
who recovered that intel.
He wouldn't even
let me present it.
Oh, I can only imagine how
shitty that must have felt.
Still feels.
(sighs)
Before the Beirut trip,
I really thought
I'd finally found a way to cope
with being out of The Company.
Before you dig that
hole any deeper,
I have to show you something.
This your computer?
Yeah.
Here.
You put it in.
I'll only fuck it up.
(laughing)
This is the one piece of
intel you recovered in Beirut
that Estes and his
mob haven't seen yet.
I came straight
from the airport
because I think you
deserve to see it first.
My name is Nicholas Brody,
and I'm a sergeant in the
United States Marine Corps.
People will say I was broken,
I was brainwashed.
People will say that
I was turned into a terrorist.
Oh, my God.
Taught to hate my country.
My action this day
is against
such domestic enemies.
The vice president
and members of his
national security team,
who I know to be liars
and war criminals.
I was right.
Responsible for atrocities
they were never
held accountable for.
You were right.
This is about justice
for 82 children
whose deaths
were never acknowledged
and whose murder is a stain
on the soul of this nation.
And I want to tell you
about one of these children.
I was right.